Adding `PartialEq` for `LogRecord` and `SpanContext` to help unit testing (#1944)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust: opentelemetry-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

## vNext

> - `LogRecord` and `SpanContext` derive from `PartialEq` to facilitate Unit Testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `opentelemetry_sdk::logs::record::LogRecord` and `opentelemetry_sdk::logs::record::TraceContext` derive from `PartialEq` to facilitate Unit Testing.
```
